hey what's up guys explanation pro is
here today i'll explain a sci-fi action
movie titled godzilla vs kong spoiler
ahead watch out and take care godzilla
vs kong is a monster movie that details
the clash between two gigantic and
iconic monsters the movie begins in an
unknown part of skull island kong has
just woke up from his lumber and does
his usual routine after taking a bath
kong approaches jia a child who is
holding a makeshift kong doll after
approaching her kong notices something
and immediately takes the tree and
strips it down to its bare trunks
afterwards kong throws it far into the
sky
where it hits the limit it turns out
that kong is inside a massive biodome of
sorts situated within the actual skull
island
eileen andrews notes that the dome
cannot sustain kong for much longer when
her colleague commenced that kong must
be released outside the island eileen
responds that they cannot do that
because godzilla will trace and hunt
kang
meanwhile after five years of being an
employee of apex cybernetics bernie is
finally attempting to extract some
evidence to show his podcast listeners
he claims that something terrible is
happening but he does not know what it
is yet
inside the apex cybernetics facility in
pensacola florida bernie takes his flash
drive from his lockers and quickly
maneuvers to an employee's office the
employee knows bernie and that is why
bernie is able to distract him
after the employee leaves the room
bernie immediately extracts information
from the computer he notices that
something important is getting
transferred to hong kong however his
inquiry is cut short when an alarm goes
off signaling that he has to leave as
well outside the facility godzilla
emerges from the waters of florida and
immediately attacks the facility using
his laser beam bernie wants to know more
about what is happening so he goes
deeper to the facility instead of
evacuating eventually the two guards
were about to arrest him for trespassing
but godzilla's laser beam prevented that
bernie sees some strange round machine
inside the facility afterwards news
quickly spread about godzilla's attack
on the facility godzilla is supposed to
be humanity's defender against other
titan monsters and yet his attacks on
the facility might be proof that
godzilla's priorities have changed
madison russell a young teenager does
not believe that godzilla would attack
unprovoked she believes that there must
be something at the apex cybernetics
facility that made godzilla act that way
madison immediately heads to the monarch
relief camp in pensacola florida to meet
with her dad her dad mark russell is the
director of monarch as such madison
approaches him to tell about godzilla's
strange pattern of attack mark advises
her to stop listening to bernie's
podcast and that godzilla-like humans
might have changed madison goes home
clearly not accepting what her dad had
saved
afterwards at denham university in
philadelphia dr nathan lind is sitting
alone in his laboratory when he gets
approached by two men the head of apex
cybernetics walter simmons and his
athletes ren serizawa walter wants to
recruit nathan for his extensive
research and knowledge about hollow
earth a purported world within earth
nathan initially refuses walt's offer
stating that they cannot provide
substantial proof of hollow earth walter
apologizes to nathan for what happened
to his brother nathan's brother actually
conducted an expedition to hollow earth
but sadly got killed due to
gravitational inversion walter then
tells him that apex had created a
vehicle that can overcome the problem
that killed his brother heav or hollow
earth aerial vehicle walter tells nathan
that he needs him to lead the mission
believing that this can solve the
godzilla problem nathan comes to life
about the potential of the expedition
telling them about genetic memory which
exists in all titan monsters nathan
believes that the titan can show them
the way to hollow earth and what nathan
had in mind is kong
back on skull island kong still keeps
attacking the limits of the dome nathan
visits island to tell her about his plan
to have the kong lead them to hollow
earth eileen declines his offer but
nathan insists by telling her that
kong's ancestors might have come from
hollywood thus nathan believes that kong
will find his new home there while also
saving earth in the process eileen
finally accepts on the condition that
any plan relating to kong will be under
her call after nathan happily leaves jia
tells helen through sign language that
skull island is kong's home as well as
theirs eileen tells her that home is
them being together dude a sedated kong
gets transported on a ship warships are
escorting them to prevent godzilla's
attack while aboard the ship eileen asks
nathan about what would happen if kong
refuses to participate but nathan leaves
without answering at the ship's desk
nathan meets maya simmons walter's
daughter maya is a pack cybernetics
representative on the expedition that
they will conduct telling nathan about
the heav's capabilities one of which
includes the engine's power having
enough charges to light las vegas for a
week that night nathan briefs them of
the entrance they will use to access
hollow earth the commander with them
informs island that they have
successfully avoided all of godzilla's
known territories island is relieved but
adds that godzilla might appear because
titans can sense threats and kong and
godzilla seem to be engaged in an
ancient rivalry
meanwhile jia sleeping from her quarters
suddenly wakes up and approaches kong
under the pouring rain seeing this
island immediately runs through the deck
to get jiya while looking at kong jia
takes out her hand and points her finger
at kong kong does the same surprised by
this interaction islin finally
approaches jia who asks her why she is
there jia tells her that kong is sad and
does not believe island and others are
helping him
kong then shockingly tells eilid home
through sign language which means that
kong understands humans all along
madison leaves home in the united states
through a van brought over by her friend
josh josh tells madison that it is not a
good idea to look for some random guy of
the internet who in this case is bernie
but madison ignores his advice realizing
that he cannot talk madison out of it
josh decides to go with her
madison thinks that bernie buys a lot of
bleach because of this madison and josh
ask a store clerk about a guy that buys
a lot of bleach after being bribed the
clerk tells them off bernie's
whereabouts upon arriving at the door of
barney's apartment barney refuses to
meet them but eventually accepts after
hearing madison's name
bernie interviews madison and josh in
some neon lighted coffee shop madison
tells bernie about her belief that
godzilla's attack was not random and
barney agrees with her bernie then tells
them that in his recent infiltration he
has seen some strange round device josh
notices that birdie has something on his
jacket and bernie reveals it to be a
flask bernie tells them that the flask
which contains alcohol is a gift from
his deceased wife sarah bernie adds that
he will finally consume all of its
contents if he loses all will to leave
with this madison tells birdie that she
wants to help him the three become a
team and now they will break into apex
cybernetics meanwhile at the tasman sea
island tells jia that she has been
trying to communicate with congo for a
long time jia responds by saying that
kong does not want others to know
because he is afraid after that nathan
talks to eileen nathan tells her that
they can use jia to lure kong to hollow
earth but eileen refuses
outside the ship godzilla approaches
alerting the ship's crew kong becomes
agitated by godzilla's arrival as he
desperately tries to escape his bonds to
defend himself the warships and the jet
fighters try to stop godzilla but to no
avail godzilla destroys a few warships
before heading straight to where khan is
currently on board eileen wants nathan
to let kong go but nathan does not want
due to its danger but after the ship
gets overturned by godzilla's attack
nathan finally decides to break kong's
chains
kong immediately jumps into action
attacking godzilla while standing on a
carrier godzilla destroys the carrier
with a laser beam sinking conga to the
ocean godzilla then pulls kong to the
depths of the water but thankfully kong
survived the fight after the soldiers
deployed underwater rocket bombs however
godzilla is not done circling back for
another attack an idea enters nathan's
mind one which involves all of them
playing dead the rules works as godzilla
finally retreats from the fight however
due to the damage caused by the battle
and the attached danger of sea travel
they decide to travel the rest of the
way via air transportation meanwhile
bernie madison and josh go to the still
damaged apex facility their goal is to
see the strange device and go to
sub-level 33 however the device is
already gone by the time they come there
they go instead to sub-level 33 where
they find vessel-like containers to hide
from the guards the tree entered one of
the containers but got locked in inside
they see eggs containing creatures
called skull crawlers
unbeknownst to the facility the three
are transferred rapidly to hong kong in
a tunnel
kong's transfer via air is a success as
the team finally reaches antarctica kong
wakes up and finds himself in an icy
wasteland jia tells kong that homie is
inside the entrance but kong does not
seem to believe it after getting urged
by nathan eileen tells jia to tell kong
that the other members of his kind are
within the entrance kong quickly runs
towards entrance while the team
immediately follows kang by using the
heavs while following kong nathan tells
them about the upcoming gravitational
inverse kong falls on a hole and into a
mystical glowing portal there the team
encounters flashes of different coloured
lights before finally crossing to the
other side on the other side they
finally see whole earth but not before
experiencing the gravitational inverse
after adjusting to the reversal of
gravity kong immediately heads towards a
particular direction and while following
kong the team bears witness to the
untouched beauty and strange creatures
of the topsy-turvy hollow earth
immediately however their sightseeing
gets stopped by an attack from two
flying creatures that resembles a snake
with the team's help kong manages to
defeat the two monsters and continues
his quest to reach an undetermined place
one soldier notes that kong seems to
know where he is heading kong reaches
the summit of a mountain above the
mountain is another upside down mountain
that has a giant protruding hand
noticing that the rocks between the two
peaks are floating kong relies on the
gravitational inverse to reach the
upside down mountain above him
meanwhile bernie madison and josh
finally reach epic's facility in hong
kong as the door opens they encounter a
huge dark facility with monster remains
scattered on its floor the facility is a
gigantic arena and walter is overlooking
an experiment here controlled by ren via
uplink their experiment is to test
mechagodzilla's capabilities against
monsters madison quickly realizes why
godzilla attacked the apex facility in
florida they want to replace godzilla at
a far away sea godzilla detects the
mechagodzilla experiment and immediately
heads towards hong kong
after running for a while kong finally
reaches the mountain with the door at
its base noticing a giant hand on its
door kong pushes the door to reveal a
castle-like interior kong shouts and
walks towards the middle after taking
off an ancient axe kong proudly pounds
his chest and continues to sit on the
throne in the middle looking like a
triumphant king
while escaping the facility madison josh
and bernie stumbled to a titan's skull
belonging to godzilla's former enemy
ghidorah barney immediately concludes
that they are going to use the skull to
establish connection between a pilot and
make a godzilla at the waters of hong
kong godzilla approaches at a rapid pace
while that is happening kong activates
some pattern that emits radiation
godzilla responds to the activation by
laser beaming the ground below him to
reach hollow earth maya and the other
soldiers quickly take the sample of this
glowing pattern apex cybernetics
simultaneously downloads the taken piece
when the soldiers point their guns at
eileen jia and nathan kong gets angered
and shouts at the soldiers awakening the
bat-like creatures that hang on the
ceilings of the ancient structure
above walter becomes ecstatic when the
download of the sample is finally
complete ordering ren to integrate the
upgrade to mechagodzilla quickly ren
refuses initially because the upgrade
has not been tested yet but walter
insists on using it
underneath maya and company immediately
attempt to escape amid the chaos
godzilla's laser beam finally reaches
where they are standing creating a hole
underneath them the two titans shout at
each other from the hole maya's heav
attempts to outmaneuver kong but kong
catches the heav and promptly crushes
maya and company kong takes the ancient
axe with him and jumps through the hole
that will lead him to godzilla nathan
eileen and jia follow him via a heav
meanwhile the tree gets caught by the
gods of the facility kong and godzilla
face each other again they have an epic
fight in the urban spaces of hong kong
with kong emerging victorious by using
the ancient axe that he found earlier
the three infiltrators are brought over
to walter who quickly recognizes madison
madison castigates walter for creating
mechagodzilla but walter responds by
saying he gave humanity a chance against
monsters
kong and godzilla's fight continues
outside but this time godzilla emerges
as the winner when godzilla successfully
immobilizes kong
back to the apex facility the upgrade is
integrated into the mechagodzilla
however it went wrong immediately when
the upgrade made the mechagodzilla move
on its own now becoming self-aware the
mechagodzilla attacks the facility
killing walter godzilla approaches the
mechagodzilla and the fight and shoes
between the two bernie and josh attempt
to shut down the mechagodzilla's
operation but they continuously fail to
do so
godzilla gets overpowered by the
mechanical monster bringing godzilla
within an inch of his life
meanwhile gia approaches kong who then
feels that kong's heard bit is slowing
down nathan has the bright idea to use
the heavy as a makeshift defibrillator
it is a success as kong immediately
wakes up from his slumber kong comes to
godzilla's rescue after jia tells him
that godzilla is not an enemy together
kong and godzilla fight the mechanical
titan
after the system has locked due to
multiple attempts bernie concludes that
the end has arrived and quickly takes
out his flask to drink
josh immediately thinks of pouring the
liquid on the machine taking bernie's
flask and pouring the alcohol on the
computer causing it to short-circuit
make a godzilla becomes weakened by this
and kong with the help of godzilla
delivers the final blows ending
mechagodzilla's short live
on the ruined streets of hong kong
madison reunites with her father while
eileen jia and nathan take a rest
however godzilla shouts at kong and the
exhausted kong rises to his feet to face
him but instead of a fight kong lets go
of his axe prompting godzilla to finally
leave and return to the waters as if
they had an agreement
kong is now living inside hollow earth
while nathan establishes a monitoring
station for kong kong communicates the
word home to jia which makes jia smile
the movie ends with kong atop a cliff
making his signature move of shouting
and pounding his chest
thank you so much guys for watching if
you enjoyed this video please hit the
like button and also subscribe my
channel for more videos like this see
you in the next video bye